---
description: About Us
dateModified: '2016-06-25T23:05:20.438Z'
datePublished: '2016-06-26T02:12:03.851Z'
title: ''
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-26-about-us.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
**About Us**

**If a picture paints a thousand words, how many words are painted by a film?**

**Timeless Moments Video** was founded in 1988 as a family owned and operated video production company specializing in elegant wedding videos. We have grown to a multi-faceted company offering commercials, corporate video, web video, and wonderfully creative and elegant wedding films.

We enjoy the recommendations of many of Connecticut's best banquet facilities and wedding professionals.

We pride ourselves on the elegance and artistry of our films and on our unobtrusiveness, attention-to-detail, and technical competence. We share this passion with a small team of professionals and artists who help us document your wedding day.

We are specialists at wedding film-making. It is our goal to capture the romance, charm, fun and elegance of your wedding day---unobtrusively. We offer consultation by appointment and the opportunity to customize every wedding film we produce.  
We offer 1, 2, 3 and 4 camera packages. We offer HD---our standard--- and 4k video productions. We utilize a wireless microphone or microphones to capture your vows and other ceremony audio. You can view your wedding on Blu-Ray or electronic device. We offer drone coverage.

Your wedding day is part of your personal history and will become a family heirloom. We will sensitively document your wedding, artistically present it to you, and provide you priceless opportunities to laugh and cry. Wedding film-making captures life in all its richness and complexity---in sight and sound and emotion.